Hunyuan Thunderbolt Captain Second Division
Ah, Xiao Yifeng?
No idea.
Great, the power of death is densely combined with orchids
The stronger his hands are
The better I feel
Wonderful junior brother
Junior brother, are you alright?
Yeah.
Sister, don't worry.
The earth-shattering change just now
Is immediately connected to the power amplifier
Don't look at your appearance.
In fact, I still shattered your internal organs
Hahahaha
OK
master
Senior sister elder
Elder Lin Nian made this move
Warm thoughts are too strong
Don't blame me. He told me to
That's all I did.
White lotus takes you
Brother Yingfeng, follow me back to Yunyingfeng to heal
Brother, let's go
Mom he can go
But Jiang Baili, as a thief
I thought Lingyunfeng was here if you wanted to come
Do you want to leave?
Elder, I voluntarily stay to atone for my sins
Ask the elder to seal the junior brother
I am Xiao Yingfeng
I will never allow my beloved to be wronged in the slightest
Since I promised you three long
Then I have to keep my word
Master, don't worry.
I can hold on
Why are you so brainless?
My third best game
I was so shocked that I was confused.
Do you dare to answer